Update non-standard-users.md (#6957)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/non-standard-users.md

### Usage behavior and policy for anonymous users

> Anonymous users can't directly use apps in meetings. Native users can continue to use meetings apps if anonymous users are present. If an app sends an adaptive card in the chat, anonymous users can interact with the card [see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-settings-in-teams#allow-anonymous-users-to-join-meetings].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anonymous users can't directly use apps in meetings. Native users can continue to use meetings apps if anonymous users are present. If an app sends an adaptive card in the chat, anonymous users can interact with the card For more information, see [Allow anonymous users to join meetings](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/meeting-settings-in-teams#allow-anonymous-users-to-join-meetings).
```
